Well, what we're going to do now
is let's see some example that
I think will help you really illustrate
how Customer Journey Mapping
is done.
And I propose that we start with
Cavify, which is a company that
for us I understand you know almost
everyone and those who don't know
it is a model similar to Uber, it is
a competitor of Uber that in Spain
is the leader and is very strong
also in Latin America.
The first thing we have to do
is identify all Cavify touch
points with the customer, from
the customer's perspective.
I would separate them here in
two moments, two very important
stages and I recommend you do so,
when you do a Customer Journey
Mapping, there is a phase, let's
say it is the phase before
the purchase and there is a phase
after, and the phase after
is the phase that is related
to the provision of the service.
If we optimize the stages in the
purchase or conversion panel, what
we're going to get is more customers
and if we optimize or improve
the customer experience with
our customers, well, because
we're going to get to have more
satisfied customers, basically,
we're going to be seeing the
two main benefits.
We will do it with Cavify.
In Cavify, if we draw the customer'
s journey, mainly in the initial
stages, it's, well, because
you enter the app store,
the App Store, Google Play,
download the app, create
your account, enter
your credit card, enter
your data, etc.
This is a normal journey, like
any other application.
Cavify has to optimize the
entire process, that the user
experience is good, etc., so
that the conversion rates
are the highest possible,
but nothing new.
We will put a little more focus on
designing the customer's journey
in the provision of Cavify service.
We will do it with this
structure, we will do it with
a simpler structure.
We'll describe what the customer
does, we'll describe what it's
looking for or what the challenges
or the problem are or what
the customer feels and finally
what Cavify does or how you
can optimize it.
When you use the Cavify service,
the first thing you do is
get into the app and ask
for a car.
You enter the app, enter your
address and tell where you want to go.
Well, at this point, what is the
customer's real concern or what
is what they want at this stage.
I think the main thing is that the customer
wants to know how much it will cost
and how much they have to wait.
Basically, because if you compare it with
alternative services like a taxi,
because in the taxi you don't even
know how much it will cost and in many
cases, well, because the waiting
is relative.
Sometimes you have to wait, sometimes
not.
So what is it, how can Cavify
or how does it, how has it
optimized this?
What he does is, he tells you about
the price, at that moment he
tells you how much it will cost
you, he is taking that worry
away and also tells you the estimated
time.
And goes beyond.
And what it does is tell you
the exact location of the car that you
assign.
Therefore, it is giving
response, as you can see, is giving
very clear response to
customer concerns to optimize
the customer experience, the
customer experience.
The next thing you do when you
order the car is wait.
And usually what you do is,
from time to time, check
the app to see where the car is.
Why is it?
Because you worry, you've been told
that it takes 10 minutes, but you'
re not constantly looking at the clock.
So the concern is when
it will come.
Or even the worry will be, but
eventually it will come or it won'
t come.
How did Cavify manage to optimize
this?
What it does is, it tells you
the exact real-time location,
as we said before the car, at
all times you see it on a map.
You are looking at a map where the car
is and how much time it has left.
It is being updated in real time.
And what they do is
incorporate the driver'
s phone from Cavify so you
can call him at any time.
As you can see, it includes
features, functionalities that
are absolutely targeted at
the customer's concerns in each
of the touch points.
Then comes the moment when your car
has already arrived and it's the journey.
And this is normal.
What is what you want?
Well be comfortable, be
pleasant, be a deal Cavify has
absolutely care of the customer
experience.
They offer you water, call you by
your name, ask you if they want
you to put the music or not, etc.
You are very careful.
And after the trip, because you
have to consider all the
contact points, after the
trip the customer can still
have some concerns.
How much has it cost me?
Sometimes you want to consult it or
sometimes what you want is to share your
opinion.
Well, Cavify has included both features
because they send you an email
in which they effectively tell you
how much it has cost you and what
your route has been and also allows
you to give a rating.